how solid is is sobriety on it on a
day-to-day basis for me yeah as solid as
it yet mm-hmm you know I don't you know
I have a routine that I follow every day
and you know I don't follow it and I'm
closer to that having that drink Ian but
you know I have a tremendous amount of
people who support me now and you know
it's just a better way to live you know
you look at the puck like let's keep the
crazy places I went because of my
drinking you know I don't do that
anymore I stay at home and hang out with
my kids and go to my kids sports and and
you know play with the baby and and you
know it's pretty simple life you know
that right there is complete insanity so
the end you don't know about the last
yeah eight pages in it yeah exactly you
know justjust of our meetings do you do
you work the steps do you work the
program I work the program my work you
know and I help other alcoholics know
you know take newcomers to meetings you
know people reaching out i'll say hey
I'm going to be at the Glenmore group at
eight thirty tonight meet me there well
one in 15 show up you know but you know
you just gotta just got to show up
that's it you know when people talk to
Lance Armstrong he always says you know
they always say what do you how do you
want to be remembered you know John
remembered it's a guy won the Tour de
France five times or do you want to be
remembered as a cancer survivor and he I
think he almost always says cancer
survivor how do you want to be
remembered do you want to be remembered
as Theo Fleury the Stanley Cup Olympic
champion great terrific hockey player or
do you want to be remembered as steel
flurry the
covering addict and and abuse suffer who
got through it yeah that's how I want to
remember this you know the greatest
achievement of my life is sobriety you
know because I couldn't say sober for
five minutes it's in the book you know
and you know without my sobriety you
know it's a tragic tragic tragic ending
to tragic life you know and you know I
still have 40 or 50 years left to live
and you know there's a bigger purpose
and in this for me than just being a
hockey player and that's who i thought i
was for a long time i just thought i was
a hockey player but you know there's
more to me than that you know and i look
forward to to the future because it
looks it looks bright you know we got
we're we're gonna start we're trying to
get our own treatment center going in
calgary and you know there's so many
there's so many great opportunities that
have come from you know my life that you
know i think i can use them all in a
positive way now and you know it's all
about being of service now you know the
more people i can help you know the
better my life will be and the more
rewarding you know life all i have is if
you know if I can you know help that the
hopeless alcoholic or the hopeless abuse
victim or whatever it is you know that
you need to you know come out of the
darkness and into the light you know
hopefully they can read this and say hey
if he can do it I certainly can oh ok
thanks much you're welcome